[Feature][Docs] AWS Application Load Balancer (ALB) support (#658)
ray-project/kuberay: docs/guidance/ingress.md

## Ingress Usage

> * KubeRay built-in ingress support: KubeRay will help users create a Kubernetes ingress when `spec.headGroupSpec.enableIngress: true`. Currently, the built-in support only supports simple Nginx setups. Note that users still need to install ingress controller by themselves. **We do not recommend users use built-in ingress support in a production environment with complex routing requirements.**

Reviewer: nit: "users use" is a little redundant
Also, I generally prefer not to use the word "user" in documentation when possible. I think it's usually to either use "you" or to not directly refer to the reader/user at all. 

```suggestion
* KubeRay built-in ingress support: KubeRay will help users create a Kubernetes ingress when `spec.headGroupSpec.enableIngress: true`. Currently, the built-in support only supports simple Nginx setups. Note that users still need to install ingress controller by themselves. **We do not recommend using built-in ingress support in a production environment with complex routing requirements.**
```

  * [Example: Nginx Ingress on KinD (built-in ingress support)](#example-nginx-ingress-on-kind-built-in-ingress-support)

> * Set up ingress for KubeRay: We highly recommend users create Kubernetes ingress on their own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manually setting up an ingress for KubeRay: **For production use-cases, we recommend taking this route.**
```

## Ingress Usage

> * KubeRay built-in ingress support: KubeRay will help users create a Kubernetes ingress when `spec.headGroupSpec.enableIngress: true`. Currently, the built-in support only supports simple Nginx setups. Note that users still need to install ingress controller by themselves. **We do not recommend using built-in ingress support in a production environment with complex routing requirements.**

Reviewer: nit: Nginx -> NGINX

Author: Updated.

#### Instructions
```sh
# Step1: Install KubeRay operator and CRD
pushd helm-chart/kuberay-operator/
helm install kuberay-operator .
popd

# Step2: Install a RayCluster
pushd helm-chart/ray-cluster
helm install ray-cluster .
popd

# Step3: Edit the `ray-operator/config/samples/ray-cluster-alb-ingress.yaml`
#
# (1) Annotation `alb.ingress.kubernetes.io/subnets`
#   1. Please include at least two subnets.
#   2. One Availability Zone (ex: us-west-2a) can only have at most 1 subnet.
#   3. In this example, you need to select public subnets (subnets that "Auto-assign public IPv4 address" is Yes on AWS dashboard)
#
# (2) Set the name of head pod service to `spec...backend.service.name`
eksctl get cluster ${YOUR_EKS_CLUSTER} # Check subnets on the EKS cluster

# Step4: Create an ALB ingress. When an ingress with proper annotations creates,
#        AWS Load Balancer controller will reconcile a ALB (not in AWS EKS cluster).
kubectl apply -f ray-operator/config/samples/alb-ingress.yaml

> # Step5: Check ingress created by Step4.

Author: Updated.
